[Applause]
kdj five follow me here your weak ass
ass candy-ass flopping you leave vaginal
reconstruction surgery twig-boy you can
eat a big bag like your butt buddy carry
yourself and cheat some on Bradley Beal
looks like if I sure had someone sit on
his head while he was a different thank
you
dirk nowitzki looks like his sweat
smells like mop water and Chihuahua I
don't think I've heard that one before
so props to my guy that was good Steve
Ballmer and the entire LA Clippers
organization can all go suck on a fat
one I can't listen to JaJuan and B
interviews two seconds in I want to glue
my ears shut well let me know when
you're able to speak four languages
dumb ass Tom Barkley is so fat he put
his belt on with a boomerang that's not
funny at all Ben Simmons looks like he's
holding in a fart every time he passes
the ball maybe I have drew holiday nuts
okay before I go to sleep I just want to
say Paul George you're good sleep your
dreams your job when you wake up Chris
Bosh talks like a white guy named Dennis
the one who needs to get rid of Kyle
ASAP if I have to watch that fat attempt
to speak at three or more times I'm 7
off a building Oh
Kemba Walker has the name of a post
player in the body of a circus ok
Karthi towns look like he's yawning when
he yells because I'm tired of dealing
with you
Danny Green and I have a lot in common
namely that we both suck at basketball
Chris Milton just got hit in the head so
hard his eyes got and googly no they
didn't if Brooke and Robin Lopez are
twins then why is Robin the only one
that sucks ass because I'm adventurous
in the bedroom if you liked that video
then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below
Oh